DX-2837 Add Documentation for New LTS Process (#741)
Bandwidth/api-docs: site/docs/versions.mdx

---
id: versions
title: Bandwidth Documentation Versions
slug: /versions
description: Bandwidth's Developer Docs Versions
sidebar_label: Versions
hide_table_of_contents: true
keywords:
  - bandwidth
  - docs
  - documentation
  - api
  - versioning
  - LTS
hide_title: false
image: '@site/static/img/bw-icon.svg'
---

import LTSVersions from '@site/src/components/LTSVersions.js';

export const versions = [
    'v2022.10.17'
]

# Bandwidth Documentation Versions

Bandwidth maintains both current and LTS versions of our docsite and all of its contents.
What you will find here (dev.bandwidth.com), will always be the most up-to-date version of our docsite.
If you need to access an old version of our site, you can check the [LTS Versions](#lts-versions) table below.

> Our versions use date based versioning in the format `vYYYY.MM.DD`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our versions use date-based versioning in the format `vYYYY.MM.DD`.
```

### LTS Versions

This table contains all of our current LTS versions of the doc site, which are snapshots of the site and its contents taken on the 1st and 16th of each month.
We maintain up to 12 LTS versions, or 6 months of old content. After 6 months, the LTS versions can still be accessed via Github, but will not be hosted online.

<LTSVersions versions={versions}/>

:::info
If you need to access a version of the site not listed as an LTS Version, either because the version was not published as an LTS release,
or because the LTS version is outside of our 6 month support window, please see the [Other Versions](#other-versions) sections below.
:::

### Other Versions

> Even though we only release an LTS version of the site twice a month, we release changes to the site almost daily.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Though we only release an LTS version of the site twice a month, we may occasionally release changes to the site more frequently than that.
```

Since ideally our site shouldn't be changing daily, we probably shouldn't make it sound like things need to be fixed or updated every day lol. @dyeam-bw What do you think?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Even though we only release an LTS version of the site twice a month, the site can have changes published as frequently as once a day. This is possible during periods when multiple domain teams are making documentation changes.
```
Here's another one. Less incriminating. What do you think?

Author: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EyKF_cOuwno

> These releases also follow our date based versioning schema, and contain changes to the site that were made over the course of a few days at most.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These releases also follow our date-based versioning schema, and contain changes to the site that were made over the course of a few days at most.
```

    A lot of our documentation is written in Markdown; therefore, if you are comfortable naviagting the file structure of the project,
    this documentation can be found in the `/docs` directory, and does not necessarily need to be viewed with the whole site running locally.
    You may forgo opening a ternimal and following the succeeding steps if you wish to to do this.
    These files can be viewed in the text editor of your choice, or copy and pasted into a markdown renderer such as [Dillinger](https://dillinger.io/).
    If you choose to go with this method of viewing the files, note that some formatting may not be supported.
    :::

4. **Install Packages and Run the Site**
    * This step requires you to have either [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/) or [yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/) installed.
    
    From the terminal run the following commands for npm.
    ```bash
    npm i # installs packages
    npm run start # builds and serves the site locally
    ```

    **_OR_**

    From the terminal run the following commands for yarn.
    ```bash
    yarn # installs packages
    yarn start # builds and serves the site locally
    ```

5. **Access the Locally Running Site**

>     * The site can now be accessed via localhost:3000 and navigated around normally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * The site can now be accessed via `localhost:3000` and navigated around normally.
```
